 2. Flash (and beep) does not work
  o could we reverse highlight the ssid instead?
 3. add arrow key (left, right) support to configure->SSID
 4. In configure, would like to strikethrough dev name if it cannot be used
  tried overwriting with '-' but the background covers it up
 6. configure (errwin) is a hodgepodge of coordinate systems, relative and absolute
  but it seems to be the only way to get it to work. Determining the mouse click
  point seems to be based on the main window's coord system, but everything else
  is based on the new window's coord systemq
 7. have set the execution loop in configure to catch curses errors on curses.getmouse
  due to occasional "getmouse() returned err". don't know what this is from.
  For now, I catch and continue but this may end up be some unrecoverable error
  and this solution will cause the app to hang.
 8. in configure do we leave the return as is on Set even if nothing was changed?
   o this could be used to delete/reset config
   o but is user friendly?
 9. checking x length on radio options is pointless
11. Add a info button for chip hw, i.e. driver, chipset, manufacturer and
 other stuff?
12. Handle shrink/grow
  o when shrunk beyond 80x24 and then "regrown", screen does not regenerate/redraw
14. add a clear btn on configure
 o harder than it's worth now with everything already present
18. the color scheme for state symbol is hard to see (may have to do all green)
 or green for connected, white for everything else
19. add a wait window for stopping scanning and quitting while scanning is active
20. sniffer is inefficient. Possible to pass a bound socket to init and close
the socket externally having sniffer quit when the socket fails. but is this good
 practice?
21. Pull off STAs that have reassociated within another ESSID
24. Have te reset the info window status on stopped?
25. After running, have to recheck if configure is selected and reset aps, stas
unless same SSID is being used
27. Have to handle the connection to read/display errors
28. reset source/target lines after each configure
 i.e. set SSID to abcdefg then configure to 123, SSID will show as
  123defg-------- because it only overwrites as long as the ssid is